Improve workflow in docs/google-kubernetes-tutorial.md (#400)
pingcap/tidb-operator: docs/google-kubernetes-tutorial.md

Helm is the package manager for Kubernetes, and is what allows us to install all of the distributed components of TiDB in a single step. Helm requires both a server-side and a client-side component to be installed.

Install `helm`:

> 	curl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/helm/helm/master/scripts/get | bash

Reviewer: Where does the script put the `helm` binary? As the following sentence says the binary should be put in `$HOME/bin/helm`

Author: `/usr/local/bin/helm`, following instructions will guide user to copy `/usr/local/bin/helm` to `$HOME` directory.

equals to 
```
curl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kubernetes/helm/master/scripts/get > get_helm.sh
chmod 700 get_helm.sh && ./get_helm.sh
```
but simpler

Helm will also need a couple of permissions to work properly:

> 	kubectl apply -f ./manifests/tiller-rbac.yaml &&

Reviewer 2: We should remind users that they should enter `tidb-operator` workspace first when execute this command (based on tangliu's experience today).

Author: By default, the user enters into cloned tidb-operator directory automatically. I guess he changed working directory during testing.

One way to avoid this is to use absolute path `$HOME/tidb-operator/...` in commands, but it does not always apply because when users enter console again and they may clone tidb-operator.git into another directory (e.g. tidb-operator-2).

Reviewer: No, the GCP tutorial will prompt users to run `git pull` instead of `git clone` again.

Author: Yes, but user may choose the third choice. 

```
fuyecheng@cloudshell:~$ cloudshell_open --repo_url "https://github.com/cofyc/tidb-operator" --page "editor" --tutorial "docs/google-kubernetes-tutorial.md" --git_branch "gke-tutorial"
  You have already cloned this repo into directory tidb-operator. Would you like to:
  [1] cd into that directory
  [2] cd into that directory and `git pull`
  [3] git clone a new copy
  Enter your choice [default 1]:
```

Reviewer: Okay, it is hard to cover all use cases. The `$HOME/tidb-operator` approach lgtm.

Author: I reverted `$HOME/tidb-operator` because of this (directory name may change). I've tried the tutorial several times, using the relative path is better because cloud shell always cd into the cloned directory.

	watch kubectl get pods --namespace tidb-admin -o wide

> When you see all pods are `Running`, `Control + C` and proceed to launch a TiDB cluster!

Reviewer: Shall we specify whats pods are there? Currently the tidb-scheduler and tidb-controller-manager, otherwise it's not clear what all pods mean.

Author: makes sense, I'll update it

Author: updated

> When you see tidb-scheduler and tidb-controller-manager are `Running`, `Control + C` and proceed to launch a TiDB cluster!

Reviewer 3: If this is what you mean, I suggest this version:

```suggestion
When you see both tidb-scheduler and tidb-controller-manager are `Running`, press <kbd>Ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>C</kbd> and proceed to launch a TiDB cluster!
```

When you see `demo-tidb` appear, you can `Control + C`. The service is ready to connect to!

To connect to TiDB within the Kubernetes cluster, you can establish a tunnel between the TiDB service and your Cloud Shell. This is recommended only for debugging purposes, because the tunnel will not automatically be transferred if your Cloud Shell restarts. To establish a tunnel:

	kubectl -n tidb port-forward svc/demo-tidb 4000:4000 &>/tmp/port-forward.log &

From your Cloud Shell:

	sudo apt-get install -y mysql-client &&
	mysql -h 127.0.0.1 -u root -P 4000

Try out a MySQL command inside your MySQL terminal:

	select tidb_version();

If you did not specify a password in helm, set one now:

	SET PASSWORD FOR 'root'@'%' = '<change-to-your-password>';

_Note that, this command contains some special characters which cannot be

> auto-populated, you need to copy and paste it into your console manually._

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
auto-populated in the google cloud shell tutorial: you need to copy and paste it into your console manually._
```
